Maleficia



Name

Ingredients

Effect

Severance Draught

Coffin Nails, Whispering Bark, Ghost Pepper Essence, Clear Quartz

Changes available potions of every category. Current potion is placed back in it's category deck, the deck reshuffled and a new potion is drawn of each for everyone to try to collect.

Silence of the Grave

Ghoul Tongue, Coffin Nails, Nightshade, White Sage

Everybody (including spell user) folds complete hand into deck, new hands are delt to everyone.

Witch’s Chain

Graveyard Dirt, Ashes of a Burnt Letter, Bat Wing, Spider Silk

A potion of your choosing requires the exact 4 ingredients in it to be acquired. No substitution allowed.

Maledicta Vitae

Basilisk Fang, Starflower, Whispering Bark, Raven Feather

Everybody (including spell user) folds complete hand into deck, new hands are delt to everyone.

Hex of Hollow Flame

Raven Feather, Manticore Venom, Pumpkin Guts, Eye of Newt

Changes available potions of every category. Current potion is placed back in it's category deck, the deck reshuffled and a new potion is drawn of each for everyone to try to collect.

Bind of the Forgotten

Graveyard Dirt, Nightshade, Yew Tree Branch, Ashes of a Burnt Letter

A potion of your choosing requires the exact 4 ingredients in it to be acquired. No substitution allowed.



Benedicta



Lover’s Whisper

Hair of a Virgin, Unicorn Hair, White Sage, Starflower

Ask a for a card to the group, the first player that has it (in the current turn order) shall give it to you. You have to comply with the total of cards in your crafting table by the end of the turn.

Petal Ward Elixir

Four Leaf Clover, Starflower, Spider Silk, Amethyst

Block any action card against you

Heartfire Infusion

Ghost Pepper Essence, Unicorn Hair, Crushed Pearl, Moonstone Powder

This potion takes the from of any other ingredient already used in a potion during this game

Mirror Dew

Clear Quartz, Moonstone Powder, Fairy Dust, Frankincense

This potion takes the from of any other ingredient already used in a potion during this game

Wispwine

Frankincense, Lightning Bug Glow, Raven Feather, Crushed Pearl 

Ask a for a card to the group, the first player that has it (in the current turn order) shall give it to you. You have to comply with the total of cards in your crafting table by the end of the turn.

Basilisk Balm

Basilisk Fang, Crushed Pearl, Pumpkin Guts, Hair of a Virgin

Block any action card against you





Fortuna


Dreambinder Elixir

Moonstone Powder, Spider Silk, White Sage, Fairy Dust

See top cards equal to number of players x2 and order them however you like.

Twist of Fate

Amethyst, Hair of a Virgin, Eye of Newt, Four Leaf Clover

Reshuffle all discarded decks back into main deck

Illusion’s Glee

Mermaid Scale, Fairy Dust, Lightning Bug Glow, Whispering Bark

Any pair of cards you have acts as a wild card.

Oracle’s Dew

Clear Quartz, Mermaid Scale, Amethyst, Lightning Bug Glow

See top cards equal to number of players x2 and order them however you like.

Serpent’s Luck

Yew Tree Branch, Four Leaf Clover, Manticore Venom, Ghost Pepper Essence

Any pair of cards you have acts as a wild card.

Veilpiercer Tonic

Ashes of a Burnt Letter, Frankincense, Eye of Newt, Mermaid Scale

Reshuffle all discarded decks back into main deck
